Correct media-queries for tablet (#8004)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/responsive-web-design/rwd_css.md

}

//
//  Tablet
//  _____________________________________________

> // This will add styles for tablet devices. When use native media-queries we recommended wrap your media-queries with media-width magento mixins or media-target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// This will add styles for tablet devices. When using native media-queries, we recommended wrapping your media-queries with media-width Magento mixins or media-target
```

> // This will add styles for tablet devices. When using native media-queries, we recommended wrapping your media-queries with media-width Magento mixins or media-target

Reviewer: Must apologise - missed a correction - all is good after this 
```suggestion
// This will add styles for tablet devices. When using native media-queries, we recommend wrapping your media-queries with media-width Magento mixins or media-target
```
